Homework Write Up

What would you do differently if asked to build this program as a full-scale web application?

In building a full stack web application, I would first take into consideration the needs of the design, drawing up a simple wireframe of what was needed. Once the basic design was decided, for a program of this simplicity I would most likely use a React template like Create React App, which easily sets up a development environment that I can later use to build the application and deploy to a service like Heroku, AWS, Firebase or other. I would then either set up the template or install React and any other needed dependencies, and begin building the basic component structure of the application with App.js at the top level, and the other components like Header and TruckList (these are examples).

The logic of the basic fetchTrucks function in my program would have to be changed slightly to return an array instead of just console logging the output. The keypress function (which is used to wait for a keypress after 10 trucks are generated) would not be necessary for this application. The modified fetchTrucks function would be simple enough that it could be used as a method in the main class object of the App.js component. The function would be called at some point either when the component mounted or when an event was fired like a button click, with the return value of the function being assigned to a state object. When the state object was updated, the list would then be rendered nicely in React, ideally in a nicely formatted way with CSS (either with custom CSS or a framework like Bootstrap or Materialize). I would also want to make sure that we tested the basic functionality of the program. The filtering function is fairly easy to test. I most often use Mocha.js for this. Assuming all went well, I could build and deploy the application to Heroku or AWS or another service.
